README.md, before:

# React + TypeScript + Vite

This template provides a minimal setup to get React working in Vite with HMR and some ESLint rules.

Currently, two official plugins are available:

- [@vitejs/plugin-react](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react/README.md) uses [Babel](https://babeljs.io/) for Fast Refresh
- [@vitejs/plugin-react-swc](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react-swc) uses [SWC](https://swc.rs/) for Fast Refresh

## Expanding the ESLint configuration

If you are developing a production application, we recommend updating the configuration to enable type aware lint rules:

- Configure the top-level `parserOptions` property like this:

```js
export default {
  // other rules...
  parserOptions: {
    ecmaVersion: 'latest',
    sourceType: 'module',
    project: ['./tsconfig.json', './tsconfig.node.json'],
    tsconfigRootDir: __dirname,
  },
}
```

- Replace `plugin:@typescript-eslint/recommended` to `plugin:@typescript-eslint/recommended-type-checked` or `plugin:@typescript-eslint/strict-type-checked`
- Optionally add `plugin:@typescript-eslint/stylistic-type-checked`
- Install [eslint-plugin-react](https://github.com/jsx-eslint/eslint-plugin-react) and add `plugin:react/recommended` & `plugin:react/jsx-runtime` to the `extends` list

Commit message:

added info button inside the application, added jsdocs to components

README.md, after:

# Ubiquiti UniFi office viewer

Welcome to the Ubiquiti office viewer!

## User instructions

Here you are able to view, place and adjust models of the UniFi in an office environment. There is a directional light and a point light already in the scene in order to provide some basic lightning. Feel free to move it around.

In order to place an item into the scene, click the button "Place items" and select an item from the menu you wish to place.
Afterwards, it is possible to select the model or light to adjust different settings in the menu to the left, and move it around using the transform controls.

You are also able to delete the object using the delete button in the menu to the right.

## Limitations

You can only place out a box model, a UniFi model and two types of lights into the scene.
Properties properties are only adjusteable via the transform controls, with the exception of scale.
You can also only select one object at a time, and there is no collision between walls and objects, meaning that you can place objects inside the walls.

## Future work (suggestions)

- Enable more properties to be editeable via the menu to the left.
- Add collision to the walls.
- Add more different types of models.
- Create a drag and drop menu instead of just clicking (similarly as it is now here https://design.ui.com/)
